[Merged by Bors] - docs: Add section about using Tracy for profiling (#4534)
bevyengine/bevy: docs/profiling.md

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2694663/141657409-6f4a3ad3-59b6-4378-95ba-66c0dafecd8e.png)

### Backend: trace_tracy

The [Tracy profiling tool](https://github.com/wolfpld/tracy) is:
> A real time, nanosecond resolution, remote telemetry, hybrid frame and sampling profiler for games and other applications.

There are binaries available for Windows, and installation / build instructions for other operating systems can be found in the [Tracy documentation PDF](https://github.com/wolfpld/tracy/releases/latest/download/tracy.pdf).

> It has a command line capture tool that can be used for capturing with minimal disruption to the execution of graphical applications, saving the profile data to a file. It also has a GUI that can be used to inspect these profile files, or live capture them, though running the live capture on the same machine will be a competing graphical application, which may impact results. As such, @superdump tends to use the command line to for capturing, and the GUI tool for inspecting.

Reviewer: I wouldn't mention @superdump here. I would prefer something like "As such, capturing using Tracy GUI is fine to gain an understanding of the scale of systems, but using the command line is preferred to get more precise traces"

> It has a command line capture tool that can be used for capturing with minimal disruption to the execution of graphical applications, saving the profile data to a file. It also has a GUI that can be used to inspect these profile files, or live capture them, though running the live capture on the same machine will be a competing graphical application, which may impact results. As such, @superdump tends to use the command line to for capturing, and the GUI tool for inspecting.

Reviewer 2: Please line break your .md paragraphs; it makes for cleaner git changes.

> It has a command line capture tool that can be used for capturing with minimal disruption to the execution of graphical applications, saving the profile data to a file. It also has a GUI that can be used to inspect these profile files, or live capture them, though running the live capture on the same machine will be a competing graphical application, which may impact results. As such, @superdump tends to use the command line to for capturing, and the GUI tool for inspecting.

Reviewer 2: What does "capturing" mean?

Author: I'll clarify this, but it means 'receiving and recording profile data.' The Tracy tool is called 'capture'.

Author: I feel like nicopap's rewording already makes this much clearer so I left it as-is after their change was committed.

In one terminal, run:

> `./capture-release -o my_capture.tracy`

Reviewer 3: With the windows prebuilt, this is just called `capture.exe`

Author: Done.

> It has a command line capture tool that can be used for capturing with minimal disruption to the execution of graphical applications, saving the profile data to a file. It also has a GUI that can be used to inspect these profile files, or live capture them, though running the live capture on the same machine will be a competing graphical application, which may impact results. As such, @superdump tends to use the command line to for capturing, and the GUI tool for inspecting.
> 
> In one terminal, run:
> `./capture-release -o my_capture.tracy`
> This will sit and wait for a tracy-instrumented application to start, and when it does, it will automatically connect and start capturing.
> 
> Then run your application, enabling the `trace_tracy` feature:
> `cargo run --release --features bevy/trace_tracy`
> 
> After running your app, you can open the captured profile file (`my_capture.tracy` in the example above) in the Tracy GUI application to see a timeline of the executed spans:
> 
> <img width="1840" alt="Tracy timeline" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/302146/163988636-25c017ab-64bc-4da7-a897-a80098b667ef.png">

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
It has a command line capture tool that can record the execution of graphical applications, saving it as a profile file. Tracy has a GUI to inspect these profile files. The GUI app also supports live capture, showing you in real time the trace of your app.

In one terminal, run:
`./capture-release -o my_capture.tracy`
This will sit and wait for a tracy-instrumented application to start, and when it does, it will automatically connect and start capturing.

Then run your application, enabling the `trace_tracy` feature:
`cargo run --release --features bevy/trace_tracy`

After running your app, you can open the captured profile file (`my_capture.tracy` in the example above) in the Tracy GUI application to see a timeline of the executed spans.

Alternatively, directly run the tracy GUI and then run your application, for live capture. However, beware that running the live capture on the same machine will be a competing graphical application, which may impact results. Pre-recording the profile data through the CLI tool is recommended for more accurate traces.

In any case, you'll see your trace in the GUI window:

<img width="1840" alt="Tracy timeline" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/302146/163988636-25c017ab-64bc-4da7-a897-a80098b667ef.png">
```

I'd suggest putting the practical considerations in another paragraph. Separating the presentation of tracy's capabilities from how to use it, and which way to use it.

Also, the fact that "something can be used for X" is implied when you say "something does X". I'd suggest using the less verbose version.

There is a button to display statistics of mean time per call (MTPC) for all systems:

<img width="1086" alt="Tracy span MTPC overview" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/302146/163988302-c21102d8-b7eb-476d-a741-a2c28d9bf8c1.png">

> Or you can select an individual system and inspect its statistics to see things like the distribution of execution times in a graph, or statistical aggregates such as mean, median, standard deviation, etc. It will look something like this:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Or you can select an individual system and inspect its statistics (available through the "statistics" button in the top menu) to see things like the distribution of execution times in a graph, or statistical aggregates such as mean, median, standard deviation, etc. It will look something like this:
```

The tracy UI is overwhelming. I'd suggest giving explicit location instructions.
